---
layout: default
title:  "Entrance Ceremony (2-1)"
date:   2023-04-21 12:22:20 +0530
categories: mhao
novel-title: The Main Heroines of the Academy are Obsessed
ch_no: 2-1
novel: mhao
---

```
Stamina: 3 
Dexterity: 2
Strength: 4
HP: 3
Mental-Power: 8
Luck: 5

[!] Activate Special abilities

```

<br />

Unfortunately, it seems that Strength and Mental-Power did not rise dramatically. <sup>[1]</sup> 

Even so, this is a big harvest. Among the first years, only the honor students end up manifesting the lightning attribute after a lot of hard work. Not to mention that I also got the Special Talent of the highest Spirit. How could anyone else have such a good start?

My whole body was convered in sweat, but I felt rejuvinated from the inside. My body felt light as if I could fly away.

'Let's go back before it's too late.'

No matter how much of a background character I am, I have to go back before the entrance ceremony is over.

___

<br />

"Lastly, I would like to introduce the top students from each faculty."

"The topper of the Faculty of Magic, Lucy Taylor Dracula, and the topper of the Faculty of Engineering, Adelia Eglinton. Please come up on the podium."

When I arrived at the central auditorium, the final and most exciting part of the entrance ceremony was in full swing.


Adelia Eglinton, honor student of the Faculty of Knights, is staring straight ahead with a cold and emotionless expression. Lucy, who bumped into me earlier was looking around as if scanning the audience.

'But, for some reason...'

"..."

'Is it just me or is she looking in my direction?'

No way.

Probably not.

'She would have no business with an inferior student like me.'

'It can't be.'

'Please don't look here.'

I tried my best to ignore Lucy's gaze and laid my eyes down. 

'Please don't mind me.'

"This concludes the 403rd entrance ceremony of Aster Academy. As for the students of the Faculty of Magic, please proceed with the class placement evaluation under the guidance of the professor in charge."

As I was busy avoiding the scary half vampire, the entrance ceremony ended before I knew it. Technically, it wasn't over yet as the class placement evaluation was still left. But there were no more boring speeches. 

"No! I came here after the grueling entrance exam. Why do I have to give another test for class placement?" (TL: Agreed)

"Yeah, I could never imagine that we would be thrown into exams from the very first day."

Several students from the faculty of magic were complaining about the arrangement.

Apparently the students don't want to appear for an evaluation right after the entrance ceremony. After barely passing the notorious entrance examination of Aster Academy another class placement evaluation will be waiting to haunt you. Even I feel that this is too much.

Of course, I was already aware of the schedule from my future knowledge. So I felt a little less cheated, but I was nervous nonetheless.

'Class F should be avoided at all costs.'

Class F is where all the inferior students of the academy gathered. Professors almost never treat these students equally and these students have to participate in all sorts of hellish training which don't necessarily lead to positive improvement. What's the point of asking a student of the Faculty of Magic to run laps around the academy? Instead of practicing magic?

Meanwhile, a man entered and introduced himself to the freshers of Faculty of Magic. His long black hair coupled with his gentle demeanor gave off an interlligent yet warm vibe. 

During playing the game, there was mention of Lapis Aire a few times. But since the main character belongs to the Faculty of Knights, so he failed to encounter him many times in the game despite the professor being very famous.

His warm and gentle personality which is indeed rare amongst professors is what makes him famous among the students of the Faculty.

"Now Please follow me," Professor Lapis guided the freshers of the Faculty of Magic to the exclusive evaluation ground of the faculty. There were some scorched marks on the walls indicating its purpose, but overall it was clean and spacious. 

"Everyone, please take one of these marbles," an orange haired woman who appeared to be the professors assistant handed out something resembling light bulbs to all the students.

Of course, it was not really a light bulb but an instument to measure one's mental power.

"If you hold this marble in your hand, its brightness will change depending on the amount of mental power. If you were to squeeze it too hard, it may break, so please be careful."

As soon as the professor's words ended, those light bulbs held by the students began to glow with different brightness. One among them was so bright that its hard to even look at the bulb, it emitted such bright light that it could be used as a street lamp.

"I... Professor, I think something is wrong with my marble. Can you please confirm?" The student with short hair and full of self-confidence called out to the professor while holding the dazzling orb in her hand.

'Cursed Star, Linea Maclefield' is also one of the starring characters of the game.

In fact, she is the girl with the most mental power from our grade. Also, she is the only star-blessed person in the entire empire. 

But, that same blessing restricts her in many ways. She is known as a half wizard among the community who cannot use any other attribute other than starlight magic.

Even a background character like me could at least use Ice magic even before I got Gregor's heart. But Linea couldn't even do that. That's why she had the nickname 'Cursed Star'.

"This...", the professor was speechless when he saw the bulb shining as bright as the sun in the sky.

"Professor, I think it is broken. I'll try again..."

"No, its made by carving the highest quality magic ore, so there is no way it's defective. Perhaps this student's mental power... "

It was then that everyone began to focus their attention on Linea. Linea seemed to be quite burdened by everyone's gaze.

"You are Linea, aren't you? I have to give you the highest marks for your mental power. It's amazing."

After making his appraizal, Professor Lapis began to write soemthing on a piece of paper. It's probably a document that he has to present to the principal/dean.

"Okay then, let me check the other's marbles as well," the professor said.

As you might have already guessed, my marble barely glowed. Even fireflies would be brighter than this. Looking around you would notice that there was not a single marble darker than mine.

At this rate I would surely fall into Class F.

'I can't possibly be the very last...'

"Okay now that the basic mental-power measurement is over, let's begin our magic assessment. Please come out one by one, the students whose name are being called and fire the strongest magic you know on the scarecrow." 

A training scarecrow stood where Lapis pointed. According to the game, the scarecrow was made with magical engineering, so even if an ogre hits it, it is fine and has a self-healing function.

"Lucy Taylor Dracula!"

A giant in magic talent seemed to be the first in order.

A girl with beutiful auburn hair stepped forward.

Kwaaaaaaaag!!

Before the professor could say anything, Fire Magic 'Scorching Flame' manifested in Lucy's hand. The poor scarescrow which was hit directly by the storm of lfames, could not bear the blunt of the attack and shattered. One must know that this may not even be Dracula's full power.

"The Freshman in the year are all great. Lucy Taylor Dracula you will go to class A."

After watching Lucy's show professor Lapis and all the other students stared at the receeding Lucy with dazed expressions. Of course, that included me too.

"Okay... nex student Linea Maclefield."

Professor Lapis who managed to calm himself down called out for the next student.

However this student too is no ordinary student.

"..."

A little too extraordinary in fact. Linea who came forward can't do anything and was trembling like a bell stuck with a hammer.

"You seem nervous, but feel free to use nay magic," the professor tried to be considerate.

"I.. professor."

"Yes, is there something wrong?"

"I, in fact, can't use any magic at all. It's like I am insensitive to mana."

Linea declaration which fell like a bomb froze the faces of the professor and other students. Even the gentle professor couldn't help but knit his brows. I would have never known that he could make that kind of expression

"Okay, I will assign you to class C for now", Professor Lapis declared.

Even though, Linea potrayed an unbelievable amount of magic power, she couldn't be assigned to a higher class without any magic. Someday, if she were to awaken her potential, she would be upgraded to class A right away. But I don't think that would ever happen.

Hearing the professor's verdict, even Linea who always had a bright personality showed a bitter expression. 

Understandable.

Even my heart would be broken if I am unable to use any magic in this ruthless fantasy world.

"Next, Lowell Iris!"

After Linea returned to her seat my name was called.

I was called just after the two starring characters of the event. This is not good. I was anxious of the result.

Professor Lapis who expression which seemed to be full of anticipation made my shoulders even heavier.

"Just like Lucy, use any magic on that scarecrow."

However the answer was not as easy for me.

If I use lightning attribute, I will definitely attract a lot of attention, which is not good for me.

For me whose hope is to become a complete extra character, the attention of others is the greatest poison. But, if I don't show my cards in this magic evaluation, I am almost certain to fail because of my garbage like stats.

It's a situation where you have no choice but to drink that poison.

'Ugh, I don't know anymore.' reluctantly I activated my magic.

Blue lightning hit the scarecrow with a thundering roar. The scarecrow's chest which was hit by such lightning froze in an instant. 

A Basic level Mixed Magic, 'Ice Lightning'. It is a magic that shrouds the lightning with an ice aura. If you get hit by such magic or any of its derivative you can see a magic where you get frost bite even though you were definitely hit by lightning.

Of course, I am still a rookie so the power behind the magic is extremely weak. But since I used lightning attribute which is not very common I'm sure I can score some points. 

My mental-power is lowest amonsgst the freshers so even if I am evaluated as class E, it will be a good result.

"Wow... multiple attributes from a fresher? As expected, this year's students really have some unusual talents."

Professor Lapis congratulated me with a satisfied expression. 

"Hmm... but your mental-power."

I think professor must have recalled about my mental-power which was worse than garbage.

No matter how many attributes you can master, it's hard to get a high class if your mental-power is so low.

"Phew... it can't be helped. Lowell Iris, you will be in class C."

Class C... that's a really good result no matter how you think. Usually this kind of assessment is heavily dependent on your amount of mental-power. If you can't use magic at all like Linea, then your class grading would be mostly based on your mental-power score.

"He just used the lightning attribute, right? But class C?"

"So if that kind of low level is in class C, then shouldn't I get higher?"

"He's from a marquis family, so he must have grown up eating well and learning well. That would explain the lightning attribute."

As expected, I was already attracting a lot of negative attention.

'Anyway, if I'm going to live as an extra, I shouldn't attract any more trouble.'

At that moment a girl with short hair came up to me, "...Hi, are you also in class C?"

Oh, please... not this.


[TL]


*<sup>[1]</sup> It did increase but not enough to have his stats incremented. (at least that's what I think/inferred).*




