---
layout: default
title:  "Entrance Ceremony (1)"
date:   2023-04-20 12:22:20 +0530
categories: mhao
novel-title: The Main Heroines of the Academy are Obsessed
ch_no: 1
novel: mhao
---

'I need to know my abilities first.' (TL: *So many times, same dialogue*)

Although the basic status is poor, there may be hidden special abilities or unique abilities involved for Lowell.

Of course, the probability of that happening would be miniscule. I would probably have a better chance of getting stuck by lightning while being indoors than this.

But, I had some hopes nonetheless.

<br />

```
Name: Lowell Iris
Gender: Male
Age: 16
From: Iris Marquis Household

Attribute: Ice
Stamina: 3 
Dexterity: 2
Strength: 4
HP: 3
Mental-Power: 8
Luck: 5

Activate special abilities [!]

```

<br />

Opening my status screen, once again the desolate stats greet me.

I didn't see it before because I was out of my mind, but there was an exclamation mark on the "Activate Special Abilities" column.

'Can I really look forward to this?'

```
[Special Abilitiy Details] 
Talent: Strong Mental Power
Unique Ability: Acceleration (Insufficient stats to use)

[Magic]

Ice Element: Icicle Generation Lvl 1

```

I was looking forward to something nice, but once again there was little that caught his interest.

Other than being able to figure out why I had such high mental power compared to other stats, there was no specific gain.

I didn't expect much because most students don't master any proper special abilities or unique abilities in the first grade. Not to mention Lowell is just a freshman.

But the fact that Lowell who is from a Marquis household and should have received adequate priviledges and advanced education since childhood, and yet is the bottom of the lot is a mystery that I would never be able to solve.

Testament to just how pathetic Lowell Iris is.

Just as he was about to close the window in disappointment, a sparkling exclamation mark caught his eye.

```
[!] Unique Ability: Acceleration (insufficient stats to fully use) (TL: 😭🙃)
```

I have never heard anything by the name 'acceleration in the original game even though I know most of the abilities in the game.

'Acceleration... probably means running fast?'

Judging from its name, it is an ability that is completely unsuitable for a wizard. (TL: 🙄)

The mage runs a little faster... what's the use in that? 

Of course, it could be quite useful of a utility for maintaining distance, such as moving away from your opponent.

But if it is simply to be faster, then this alone won't be enough to claim victory. It will not be a good ability.

I wanted to use this ability right away, but I don't know what kind of risks it might involve. I closed the window because I judged it to be a little dangeous to be used carelessly

"There doesn't seem to be anything useful about it... I don't know what exactly the ability called acceleration is, but there was nothing that stood out in the duel between Lowell and the main character. So, I don't think its a good ability."

I would be lying if I said I wasn't looking forward to it for a while. But unfounded expectations would only increase my disappointment.

"What should I do."

No matter how well I learn my subjects, in a place like Aster practical skills are more important than knowledge.

You can somewhat make up for lack of practical skills with your knowledge. But if your practical skills are complete garbage, there is no chance of graduating.

With such miserable stats and medicore abilities, it is impossible to avoid a failing grade. Maybe this year I should completely dedicate to training myself.

___

<br />

I put off my painful whimpers and future plans for a while and headed to the Aster's dormitory. It was a top notch dormitory. In fact, the rooms for the top class dormitory was so spacious that each one was incomparably larger to my own room in my previous life.

It might not be full of fancy decorations but the sense of oppresion felt in the simple interior is enormous. I don't know what my room at the Marquis's place was like cause it's a place I have never visited after possesion so I didn't have any reference to compare it with.

"SsssCha"

The burden on my arms disappeared as I tossed my bag away. There is nothing useful in it. But its full of useless decorative items so it was quite heavy.

As I organized my luggage, a small window appeared in front of my eyes. 

"It can't be real."

Outside the window numerous stars decorate the black night sky centered around the moon. My future would not be as bright as them, but for now the thrill of enjoying a fantasy world was filling my heart.

"When was the last time I saw a beautiful sky like that?"

It is a landscape that I have rarely seen in my previous life.

As I stare blankly at the sky, I have all sorts of thought filling up in my head.

'What happened to the 'me' on earth? Am I already dead?'

I never assumed that I would be able to return to my original world. As a person who was born and raised on Earth, returning back was a comforting thought. And that's all the reason why I must survive.

With such thoughts I laid down. Warm drops of water formed around my eyes turning them misty. It seems it would be difficult to get any sleep today...

___


<br />

"Ugh..." my eyes opened spontaneously at dawn.

Maybe its because I am habituated to rise early. I can't keep lying down beyong 6 o' clock.

Last night I was planning to meditate for a long time. But I fell asleep quickly, probably because I was very tired. It was more of a mental fatigue than a physical one.

"It's been almost 10 years since I graduated from high school. I can't believe I am enrolling again."

'That's terrible'

I took a shower. There is a bathroom attached to each room for personal use. After I changed into the Aster uniform that was hanging in the closet.

The almost black looking dark green blazer and white shirt stimulated my nostalgia from old school days.

"Ah"

Finally, to check my getup, I took out a hand mirror from my bag and looked at myself with a slight surprise. Jet black hair and similarly dark eyes. I had a sharp look with a height of around 180 cm. 

To be honest, Lowell Iris is a really good looking guy. If he was a bit average kid and not have garbage like stats, I wouldn't have been so upset now.

"Let's go"

The distance between the venue of entrance ceremony and my dormitory was quite far. So I started with some time to spare.

It is clearly too early as there is no sound but the creaking of the door as I leave. 

Now it's time to meet the characters of the game. Of course, I am going to continue being a background character who is unnoticeable like a rat stuck in a corner. But you cannot help but feel excited. It's the same excitement that you feel when meeting a celebrity even though you are an insignificant fan.

'I'm looking forward to it.'

___


<br />

"To all the glorious students of the 403<sup>rd</sup> year of Aster... There was a time when...."

When the entrance ceremony started, the main characters of the game were nowhere to be found, and Vice Principal Godric's boring speech had already started.

'Instruction speeches are boring no matter which world you go to...'

Come to think of it, most of the leading characters don't appear in the entrace ceremony episode.

Still, I assumed that I would be able to meet the main character, but it was hard to find him because of the crowd.

'But this is rather good too.'

If you stand out for no reason and the events of the game are twisted, it can spiral out and lead to complicated situation.

"Is that Lowell Iris?"

"I guess so, he is famous in our manor."

"Is he a child of the Marquis family?"

"Hey, he's a shitty noble, you would be ruined for nothing if you mess with him."

..

I didn't do anything but people were already swearing at me. 

It seems that the guy named Lowell Iris is famous in the Empire as an idiot. I'm not the kind of person who cares too much about others glaring at me, but I don't necessarily wants to hear others swearing at me.

'Let's go to a place where I don't have to hear all this...'

Toook!

"Oh, sorry...?"

"Be careful..."

Red brown hair and red eyes that could almost be said to be the same color as blood. In contrast to me her pure white skin mysteriously creates a perfect harmony with her colors. She immediately caught the attention of those around me as I became an extra beside her.

'who is it..?'

Ah! There was this person I was forgetting about for a while.

'The bloody blade, Lucy Taylor Dracula.' <sup>[1]</sup>

The daughter of the last boss of Act 1, Count Vlad Dracula, and also the mid boss of Act 1.

"I almost forgot about Lucy..."

Lucy Dracula who I just bumped into disappear in the middle of Act 1 and appears again as a puppet in the end of Act 1 in the battle against the Count. He was one of the more difficult opponents using fire and blood magic attributes.

When I was making my plans I only thought of the main character and his colleagues so I forgot about the other important characters who appear as enemies.

'It's best for me to not get involved with the starring characters...'

It's not like I have anything distinctive about me, but if I get too close to them, I might get caught up in the game events.

And, I don't have any ambition in clearing the main episodes.

I did have that kind of interests before but not anymore with Lowell's talents.

I'll just get my diploma and run away from everything.

None of the characters are going to get close to me anyway, but let's try my best to avoid them.

___

<br />

"This concludes the congratulatory speech."

Clap Clap!!

The boring speech ended with a clean finish. As soon as the speech was over all the students gather together and started building friendships or started hanging out with old ones. On the other hand, I had no friends and had no time for this either.

'I have to leave quickly.'

If I make any delay, I might get caught up again.

No one will care, if one extra like me disappears anyway, and there's nothing wrong with starting quickly.

As soon as the speech was over, I lef the hall where the banquet was in full swing. I headed for an undeveloped forest. As expected, most of the students were enjoying the banquet and didn't care when I went away.

Even if I were to stay to enjoy with them, I would probably be treated as an invisible person.

"Hah..."

I ran for a bit, but my speed was as good as jogging. But I was already out of breath.

I don't think I have been running for more than a minute, yet I am already like this.

"Let's think of this as an exercise."

Covered in sweat, I arrived at the Elemer Forest located at the westernmost tip of the island. The place was full of greenery as it was too far from the central island to be developed for human use.

But it's still a great place to relax and breath in nature. Of course, the reason I came here was not just for picnic! 

Yet when I arrived at my destination I lay down on the spot. The grass was warm and soft. This might in fact be a pretty comfortable bed...

"Let's move," If I continued lying like this, I felt like I would fall asleep , so I led my tired body and moved to the middle of the forest. 

"Looks like it's here." Even with poor mana response I was able to chase the source and arrived at a lake located in the middle of the forest.

At first glance, it looked like just a normal lake, but it wa full of pure mana traces of the highest purity. 

I have already created a mana core so its not very useful for me. But ordinary people can form a mana core just by drinking from these waters.

But the waters of this lake was never my goal.

"Let's see."

I sat down in front of the huge lake and rummaged through the pockets of my uniform.

The brooch and dagger with family decorations he had brought with him when I left in the morning hung in my hand. The dagger was full of all sorts of fancy decorations. It seemed to be used for ceremonial purposes rather than combat.

Phush!

I stabbed the tip of my finger with the dagger as drops of blood dripped from the cracks of my skin. I placed my finger on the brooch to cause a small blood stain on it.

"Is this enough?"

Pluck!

I tossed the bloody brooch into the lake.

Bubble, bubble!

Bubbles began to form at the location where the brooch sunk. This already feels like an easter egg that appears in a game.

This particular one is an easter egg featuring the finest hidden pieces. Its triggered by throwing the blood of the member of a noble family on the seal that symbolizes that same family.

Felix who is a commoner main character, can never trigger this easter egg by his own. But I am from a marquis household. This is the first time that Lowell's identity as a Marquis's son comes in handy. With his identity I can easily trigger the gimmick for this easter egg. Of course, the gimmicks for the other easter eggs are too dangerous so I won't be touching those.

Seeeuuukkk!

The lake which had been bubbling like boiling water suddenly became calm.

Now, I just have to sit back and wait.

"Accordint to the oath, I will give you a fragment of my heart."

<br/>

```
[Heart of the Supreme Lightning Spirit Gregor (incomplete)]

- You will be able to use lightning attribute magic.
- You will gain some resistance to lightning attribute.
- The total amount of Mental-Power increases slightly
- A slight increase in stamina
- * Defends against a single fatal attack
```

[TL] 

*<sup>[1]</sup> I am not sure why Lucy is called bloody blade, even though she is supposed to be a mage.*