---
layout: default
title:  "Entrance Ceremony (2)"
date:   2023-04-20 12:22:20 +0530
categories: mhao
novel-title: The Main Heroines of the Academy are Obsessed
ch_no: 2
novel: mhao
---

```
[Heart of the Supreme Lightning Spirit Gregor (incomplete)]

- You will be able to use lightning attribute magic.
- You will gain some resistance to lightning attribute.
- The total amount of Mental-Power increases slightly
- A slight increase in stamina
- * Defends against a single fatal attack
```

<br />

Something that looks no different from a candy picked at the convenience store was amitting a bright yello glow from the palm of my hand.

On the surface, it looks like a real lemon- flavored candy, but its a fragment of the heart of the highest spirit.

If you absorb it into your body you can use lightning magic.

The advanced lightning attribute can be exchanged for a drop of blood and a special brooch.

Due to the difficulty of obtaining this hidden easter egg being too easy and considering its great performance, there is a restriction that a heirloom belonging to a noble household must be sacrificed.

But...

Even considering that, obtaining this kind of an artifact is not normal. Veteran mages use more than one element, but for first grade chicks the lightning attribute is a long way off.

So, I did a little hard work.

It ended with a slap on my face, but I did what I had to do.

Pajijijik!

As I swallowed a piece of heart shaped candy, I felt an electric current flowing through my entire body for a very brief moment.

It left a tingling aftertaste in my mouth as if I had eaten an extremely sour candy.

<br />

```
[Special Ability Details]
Talents: Strong Mental Power, Gregor's guardian
Attributes: Ice, Blitz (New!)
Unique Ability: Acceleration (Insufficient stats to use.)


[Magic]
Ice Magic: 
Icicle Generation Lvl 1
(New!) Blitz Magic:
Thunderbolt Lvl 1
```

The effect of the heart seems to have properly manifested without any mishaps.

Blitz Magic is used by fewer mages compared to other elements.

In other words, it is much rarer than other elements. 

There is even an unexpected add on skill attached to it so you can already infer how ridiculous this hidden easter egg is.

'But did my stamina and mental power increase?'

<br />

```
Name: Lowell Iris
Gender: Male
Age: 16
From: Iris Marquis Household...
```
