---
layout: default
title:  "Prologue"
date:   2023-04-20 12:22:20 +0530
categories: mhao
novel-title: The Main Heroines of the Academy are Obsessed
ch_no: 0
novel: mhao
---

There's one game I've enjoyed since childhood.

It was a game I loved so much that I can assure you that few people have played this game more than I do.

So, why am I suddenly talking about this?

"Where is this?"

My favorite game, "Aster's Demonic Swordsmaster". A game that I've been playing since high school. I seem to have fallen in love with this game.

I seem to have drifted away into that same game.<sup>[1]</sup>

Not as a protagonist or episode boss, but as an extra whose name doesn't appear a more than a few times in the original game.

It's a perfect start as the prologue to any mass produced fantasy novel that has become commonplace.

But now I find myself in that same ridiculous situation.

"Huh-huh..."

And, I am already tired of this mess.

___

<br />

Aster's Demonic Swordsmaster is a game with a main storyline of six Acts and a dozens of smaller side events.

I game presented a high degree of freedom to its players coupled with top-notch graphics and immersive story, so it was bound to be popular.

And now I have fallen into the same world.

"Hah...", I sighed at my gloomy state.

When I first fell into this world, I was excited, but after I calmed down a bit I came to face reality.

Lowell Iris.

That's my name.

I found out my looking at my student ID card in the pocket inside my uniform.

The name "Lowell Iris" doesn't quite ring a bell for even me who had played this game for thousands of hours.

One amongst thousands, no... ten of thousands of extras.

A below average student with no exceptional talent.

That's me now.

"This is the worst."

"What's now?"

Let's think about the story for a moment.

The character Lowell Iris only appears a few times in the original gam and he doesn't have much of an impact whenever he does. But I still have some memories of him as a cliche character in this game.

A duel practice event that takes place around the beginning of Act 1. 

That was when he appears for the first time.

As a stepping stone villain who argues with the protagonist, Felix.

_Hah, its disgusting that a commoner blood breathes the same air as me. Get rid of that lowly being from before my eyes at once._

After that, he is beaten by the protagonist in the duel practice.

Maybe, only a few bones were broken? I don't know.

And what happened after that? Iris never made an appearance after that.

But Edgar Iris, who was the head of the Lowell family, makes an appearance as a middle stage boss in Act 3.

He was a necromancer type boss who used dark magic to rule over his legions.

He was a man with grandiose ambitions to use the army of the dead to devour the continent. 

Of course, our protagonist, Felix, handles it neatly.

Thereafter, of course, Marquis Edgar is stripped of all titles and is guillotioned and some of Lowell's brothers and vassals who had joined the fray were sentenced together with Edgar.

Lowell survived because he was judged to have no talent for black magic or was considered to be harmless.

But Lowell wasn't unscatched from the fall of his house either. He had to drop out of the academy because his family support was cut off and he could no longer afford his tuition fees.

Oh, it seems he had no choice but to drop out.

<br />

```
I hate all those who had slammed me into the abyss. 
Abominable parents, trashy siblings and not to mention Felix Leopold. 
I will prat even in hell for your wings to be cut off and misfortune to befall 
on them.
```

Leaving such a useless suicide note, Lowell Iris commited suicide by hanging himself.

After all, Lowell, who was unfavoured by his family would have starved to death on the street even if he hdan't commited suicide.

Even till the end, Lowell was arrogant with his non existent ability and his disgusting personality. But if you were to describe him in words, he was a poor guy.

Now I feel even more anxious, cause this poor guy's misfortune has now fell on my shoulders.

"Whew..."

Again, it was an unintentional sigh.

Even if I had to possess someone, I possessed the character who had nothing good going about him and who was disowned by his family.

In a few months, I won't be able to pay my tuition and will be on the street like a beggar.

The only good thing is that he doesn't get executed together with his brothers for involvement in black magic research.

"I can't die that easily."

As long as you are given life, you must survive no matter what.

And if you possessed the weakest extra and you don't do anything, then you are just waiting for your death.

'Let's check my specs first.'

If you know the enemy and know yourself, you need not fear the result of a hundred battles. <sup>[2]</sup>

I already know about all the enemies that would appear in the academy in future from playing the game thousands of hours. 

But, I don't know much about myself. If only I were able to thorouly analyze myself...

In theory, I have a 100% chance of winning.

As an extra, the original novel doesn't mention any of Lowell's specs or talents.

All characters with even a little bit importance will have detailed profiles revealed in the wikis.

But the character Lowell Iris, never found a page for himself.

Still, if you are an academy student shouldn't you have at least one talent?

<br />

```
Name: Lowell Iris
Gender: Male
Age: 16
From: Iris Marquis Household

Attribute: Ice
Stamina: 3
Dexterity: 2
Strength: 4
HP: 3
Mental-Power: 8
Luck: 5

Activate special abilities [!]
```

<br />

"He is a real legend"

My depression had stuck a new threshold of rock bottom.

The Stamina of an adult male who has lost his youthful vigor should be 5 to 6.

In other words, this bastard has less stamina than I did in my lifetime.

His mental power is most uselessly high. After all his courage to challenge the protagonist with such useless stats is commendable. <sup>[3]</sup>

And let's not mention the fact that it would be me who would have to deal with his trashy stats as a result.

"I want to kill Lowell."

Oh, but if I were to continue like this, Lowell would be dying anyway. I couldn't help but sigh in defeat.

___

<br />

It can't continue like this. I think I need a better plan.

I don't seem to have any talent in this cursed body, but having taken possession of this body I have the ability to contend against any talent.

'Thousands of hours of playtime and future knowledge.'

This can prove to be a weapon that even the protagonist doesn't have.

This means I can collect the hidden pieces and easter egss hidden all over the academy.

Of course, I shouldn't take away everything from the protagonist... but

I need a certain amount of assurance for my own safety.

As it stands, I seriously feel like I am going to lose even against a slime.

"Let's rulle out the event of dropping out of the academy for now."

As I said earlier, my greatest weapons is that I already know the future. I think I will be able to make ends meet, if I try.

Lowell's continued stay at the academy may twist future events slightly, but one among the thousands of insignificant characters can't possibly change the tide.

But if I were to drop out of the academy?

Then immediately my knowledge, accumulated over thousands of hours becomes non- existent and I am thrown into the  middle of a wild fantasy world.

Protection of the marquis household? That's non-existent.

Edgar enrolled Lowell in the academy for the fundamental reason of improvement.

If such a useless son, were to lose to a commoner and tarnish the name of the household, will he still be welcomed by the ruthless villain?

And the Marquis household is going to collapse in a few years anyway. If Lowell were to go back and get involved in the black magic mess, it would be a real threat to his life.

'I must stay here no matter what.'

The main stage of the game, Aster Academy, is the most pregtigious academy in the empire.

Even if your grades are at the rock bottom, as long as you get a diploma without failing, you can go anywhere and get a paying job.

The is why more than 50,000 students want to enroll in Aster every year. At the same time only 2,000 students and actually admitted.

And even fewer students graduate without failing.

Even a man who was known as a genius in his hometown is busy avoiding failing when he comes here.

Therefore, the name value you get when you graduate without failing goes crazy.

IN the worst case, if you get kicked out your house, you won't have to beg on the street.

Of course, all of this pipe dream is true only when you graduate without failing.

The silver lining to all of this is that as long as the protagonist, Felix, is there, all the game events in the academy will be taken care of by him. And I can solely focus on getting pass grades.

The Iris family has yet not fallen. But after their downfall, I would have to earn my own money either by getting a scholarship or jumping into the workforce, but he can afford to relax for about one year.

I have already experienced the hellish entrace exam in Korea. 

As long as you can survive in this hellish world, you can turn your books and study one more time.

I'm a little worried about the practical skills exams, but I just need to do better in theory exams to make up for them.

I will enjoy the academy life adn leave all the events that happen along the way to the protagonist.

A plan that becomes a perfect extra.

A plan that is flawless.

A villain that survived downfall.

An extra that lived happily ever after.

It will all conclude with that sentence, without fail.

*<sup>[1]</sup> I am not sure the title of the game has the word Demonic or not but this seems most likely*
*<sup>[2]</sup> A quote from the Art of War by Sun Zhu*
*<sup>[3]</sup> Due to this revealation, I am calling this stats mental-power instead of mana. Because it is inferred that because of his high mental power Lowell was able to keep his arrogant attitude and not consumed by complexities.*